fix: update the echarts related documentation (#4532)
patternfly/patternfly-org: packages/documentation-site/patternfly-docs/content/get-started/release-highlights.md

- [The ChatBot design guidelines](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/overview/design-guidelines) have been updated to reflect new features, expand on previous guidance, and add higher-level patterns for ChatBots usage in products. 
- New [ChatBot analytics documentation](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/analytics) is also now available, which provides general guidance on the implementation of analytics tracking.

> ### Charts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Expanded chart library
```
maybe?

> PatternFly historically provided a charting solution using the [Victory](https://formidable.com/open-source/victory/docs/victory-chart/) chart library. With this release, PatternFly is now delivering two charts based on the [Apache ECharts](https://echarts.apache.org/) chart library - [a line chart](/charts/line-chart/EChart) and [a Sankey chart](/charts/sankey-chart). This provides a collection of React based components you can use to build PatternFly patterns with consistent markup, styling, and behavior.
> 
> To use these EChart solutions, PatternFly has listed EChart as a peer dependency, so consumers should add 'echart' to their project dependencies, and follow PatternFly's documentation to build out the charts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PatternFly has historically provided a charting solution using the [Victory](https://formidable.com/open-source/victory/docs/victory-chart/) chart library. With this release, PatternFly is also now delivering 2 charts based on the [Apache ECharts](https://echarts.apache.org/) library, including [a line chart](/charts/line-chart/EChart) and [a Sankey chart](/charts/sankey-chart).

Additionally, EChart is now listed as a peer dependency for PatternFly. To use these new chart solutions, add 'echart' to your project dependencies and follow PatternFly's documentation to build out your charts.
```
